Extend Hyperscaler Account Pool documentation (#1060)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/contributor/03-10-hyperscaler-account-pool.md

    tenant-name: {TENANT_NAME}
    hyperscaler-type: {HYPERSCALER_TYPE}
    euAccess: "true"
```

## Assured Workloads

> SAP BTP, Kyma runtime supports the BTP cf-sa30 GCP subaccount region, which use assured workloads KSA control package. Kyma Control Plane manages cf-sa30 Kyma runtimes in a separate 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SAP BTP, Kyma runtime supports the BTP cf-sa30 GCP subaccount region. This region uses the Assured Workloads Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA) control package. Kyma Control Plane manages cf-sa30 Kyma runtimes in a separate 
```

> GCP hyperscaler account pool. The Secret contains the label **hyperscaler-type** set to `gcp_cf-sa30`. This is an example of a Secret that uses assured workloads KSA control package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google Cloud hyperscaler account pool. The Secret contains the label **hyperscaler-type** set to `gcp_cf-sa30`. The following is an example of a Secret that uses the Assured Workloads KSA control package:
```
